What's not possible?
How could he have 10 billion
Obviously, the balance was insufficient just now, so I felt that there was a trick
It's just a kid, what the hell are you doing?
I paid the money
What the hell can I do?
I won the bet
Did Lee kneel down and apologize for you?
Impossible Boss Song, there must be something wrong with his card.
Must be strictly checked
What the hell do you want?
10 billion villa
The owner of my Dynasty Entertainment can't afford it
Dynasty Entertainment
Is it
The legendary one in the recent provincial capital cost 20 billion
Party industrialists bankrupt Dynasty Entertainment
Since he is such a big shot
Is he talking about the boss?
Boss Song
Didn't you call me boss?
Please introduce
This is Chen Tianze, the boss of Dynasty Entertainment.
What? Chen Tianze?
Chen Tianze is the owner of Dynasty Entertainment